Add All Bell States task to Superposition kata (#1271)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/superposition_kata/all_bell_states/solution.md

4. Apply the $CNOT$ gate with the first qubit as control and the second qubit as target.

@[solution]({
    "id": "superposition__all_bell_states_solution_a",
    "codePath": "./SolutionA.qs"
})

#### Solution 2

Let's take a closer look at the unitary transformation $\text{CNOT}\cdot(H \otimes I)$ discussed in task 6 (see equation 6.1).

$$\frac{1}{\sqrt2} \begin{bmatrix} 1 & 0 & 1 & 0 \\\ 0 & 1 & 0 & 1 \\\ 0 & 1 & 0 & -1 \\\ \underset{|\Phi^{+}\rangle}{\underbrace{1}} & \underset{|\Psi^{+}\rangle}{\underbrace{0}} & \underset{|\Phi^{-}\rangle}{\underbrace{-1}} & \underset{|\Psi^{-}\rangle}{\underbrace{0}} \end{bmatrix}$$

Notice that each of the columns in the unitary matrix corresponds to one of the Bell states.
This unitary transformation transforms the computational basis into the Bell basis, which is exactly what the task asks us to do.

We see that this transformation converts $|00\rangle$ into the first Bell state, $|01\rangle$ into the second Bell state, etc. 
We just need to make sure we set the qubits to the correct state before applying this transformation, using $X$ gates to change the initial $|0\rangle$ states to $|1\rangle$ if needed. 

> In Q#, we can use the <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/qsharp/api/qsharp/microsoft.quantum.convert.intasboolarray">IntAsBoolArray</a> function to convert the input `index` to the right bit pattern.

Reviewer: The API docs format changed a bit with the Modern QDK, sorry I forgot to check that on the first round of review!
```suggestion
In Q#, we can use the <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/qsharp/api/qsharp-lang/microsoft.quantum.convert/intasboolarray">IntAsBoolArray</a> function to convert the input `index` to the right bit pattern.
```
